There are several ways to display series: either individually or
grouped together.
Let’s go through this!
Select the delta O18 and delta C13 series that we
have just interpolated.
Then choose Display Together.
Next, select Separated axis: Vertical.
Invert the axis for the delta O18 series.
From a scientific perspective, we typically observe reduced benthic delta
C13 values during glacial periods, which correspond to increased benthic
delta O18 values — for example, between 60 and 70
thousands years.
Now, let’s display the other variables in a stacked view
From the menu, select Display Stacked.
From a scientific perspective, we typically observe opposite variations between
calcium proportions—mostly of marine biogenic origin — and other elements
of continental, terrigenous provenance.
You may have noticed that the series are linked, because
they share the same name for their horizontal axis.
However, you can control this behavior.
For example, you can assign the axis of Plot 2
to a new group, making it independent, while preserving the
link between Plots 1 and 3.
By the way, the colors automatically assigned to the series
can be modified using the color picker.